hey people and welcome to
new multi view and today i want to
introduce you to the superpott and this one
communicates some pills to those you
special skills can get
I'll just make it easy for you
times the power recipes before and indeed there
it's the super job
you look so strong then the
superspeed pill that makes you feel so strong
the supertramp apple or strict
So yes, the strength for the strength
one then so the super hiddink wants the
one such forces is super on the Opel
grabbed you so and the super Pittl
that has everything together so that's it
shut up the ultra please tell me
and what all the pills do that
I show you now I find these
whole pills actually only change
yes some pills really cost it
resources such as the super poles
then you have to sacrifice four diamonds for
but they are still very funny and
we just catch the super
on top
you can just when you are near
make gorgeous and then there are many
macinga so i feel great
you get resistance or resistance
I'm sorry we do not know each other properly
pronounces and shampoos that means you
can his book jump and get hold of it
So no you harm a war in
bearing damage so by fire so or
lava and you get no case
damage
and yes you can just totally original
so that can be quite useful now if
you somehow on the mountain euro
you have not always developed high
run but is otherwise just
somehow just by the times
otherwise it's about to jump around the world
not really useful then
we are now so super speed there is
of course many brass one again
yes looks a little blurry in the year or
is in drunken mode and yes when did
of course you run him fast and if
you sprint then yes then
you do not see anything anymore
And you have that now that I think about
30 seconds so here if I have
Sprint that I simply nothing
You can not get more out of it
Clear who is alone when I am
normal is already violent yes but
then sprinting on here moment that
it already
that is way too violent then come now
the super strong varieties of the chapel
Here many girls again is
at every so and the cased plus trends
so I strengthen and yes by highest
can mine many things faster
for example , your hand is moving
and I have you can now
Break down earth very quickly , for example
on stone goes faster but you get
of course nothing dropped but it works
Here looks much faster than normal
moment so then you can still pug so
Just hit the door with a punch
does not even think about moving wood
builds, for example, very quickly
So you really can not say that
the boutique as well as with a wood ax
or with iron ax maybe that's it
is really going very well here
yes and as I said nobs you can with
a blow occur or
you can kill cool with a blow
I'll just look like that at the moment
if the clipper is whether that is synonymous
siea fps if he even chain creeper
kill with one punch so you can do that
pretty much all ochs in one go
kill to me yes, apparently the most
but also live after the anne okay
I do not have that well now
every case very very strong with that
Next, the superski spelled and yes
which just so you'll
Conferences dazed modularized only
still blurry
have the instant 11 and
regeneration so yes regeneration
yes and there you hurry very fast
with that is just totally violent me
I just do not feel bad right now
Maybe it will hurt
how do you not get hurt by it
So could not get in and
year is definitely very useful
the next pill is the super opel
and through her you have son is three what
is pretty bad for that though
still expensive stents and also normal
Resistance to case damage and such
continue and yes you are then for
short time I say
actually first invincible could there
then keep 30 customers or keep that
The only thing that bothers you is worth it
then we come to the last cabbage and
Although just the superpole and the
take there you have many said
So here resistance celebration resistance jump
boost instant 11 it trenc and speed and
So there you have everything
and since then really leave her here
So I have since such a game
not so fast so you are
be as fast as you see
have me this blurry mode
means that is much better and you get
just how is not a harm and so
further is also stronger and that first
for a minute and 40 or 45 seconds
and that's already worth it
really only if you really are
would like to sacrifice four diamonds after how
much you have ne but otherwise is the murder
actually quite funny and if they are
now want to know how to get to the place
installed then just stay tuned
you need a lot of model or go for it
here on this page the links to
Of course, a description of the site
Gold then a bit down to her
goes motto 31.3.2009 free if the
Mower support and Kiki hopes
download free for the super mushroom mod
you just have to go here
Here you can get the power recipes
read through here you can again
the things to sorry you already know each other
times the things read through what the mod
or what the pills do
Scroll down a bit further and
tier.tv asteroid or that terrorism
download the alpha
then you have the two files going
under start and write here
appdata percent percent and occurs enter
then you go minecraft in your point
folder in the folder the minecraft point
yes open with the archivist at the moment
then you open your motto or not at all
First of all, there is actually a tenant
in front there
that's big on it and they have to
rely on him because he stops
prevents that must work and
the meter in fleets rely on him
then open the motto or mark one
all files in here and at the
super mushroom year the file the folder and
then you can either do this this
You can either file here in the
Do mods folder or you open her
the minecraft folder and mark one
files down to the ds store file and
also the folder here so everything
mark except the last file the ds
store file and that pulls him then
just in there and then you have
nobody installed and yes if anyone
should not work off the
either must or not installed
aviator he has the cdm
watch installed you have the tenant
killed and other monsters with the
moths is compatible
i say thank you for watching i hope
the mother failed and that too
video already said thank you for
watch until the next round